---
date: 2023-10-27
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-Oct-23.png
game_slugs:
- 2023-10-27-a-ghost-in-the-gallery
- 2023-10-27-halloween-party-in-hell
- 2023-10-27-thalassophobia
- 2023-10-27-dont-get-ghosted
- 2023-10-27-love-3
- 2023-10-27-honked-a-clown-noir
- 2023-10-27-crow-keeper
- 2023-10-27-el-paso-elsewhere

layout: event
title: Games Y'all October 27th, 2023
announced: true
archived: true
---

[Past Events](../html/events.html) > [October 27th, 2023](event-october-2023.html)

Games Y’all at the Museum of Human Achievement, come for a treat at our October Meetup! We'll have spooky & autumnal themed indie games, candy, and other fall delights. Costumes encouraged!

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Venue + Parking

There is a large parking lot available in addition to bike racks. MoHA has public bathrooms, a bar for those 21+ (IDs checked at door), and is ADA accesible. Please contact <games@themusuemofhumanachievement.com> for more information on the accessibility of the space and/or for special accommodations.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
