---
date: 2023-06-24
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-June-23.png
game_slugs:
- 2023-06-24-mr-sleepy-man
- 2023-06-24-ladies-of-sorrow-night-one
- 2022-05-06-the-tedium-and-you
- 2023-06-24-puncherman
- 2023-06-24-lichkeeper
- 2023-06-24-the-dark-is-a-soft-warm-pressure
- 2023-01-21-re-fresh
- 2023-06-24-panorama
- 2023-06-24-microbes-and-microchips
- 2023-06-24-think-public-schools
layout: event
title: Games Y'all June 24th, 2023
---



[Past Events](../html/events.html) > [June 24th, 2023](event-june-2023.html)

We're going to the Library!   
  
The City of Austin Public Library has invited us to bring Games Y’all to their Windsor Park Branch. We have a new roundup of indie games to play and new digital arts projects from Welcome to My Homepage to explore!   
  
In addition to our regular programming we are hosting a panel!   
  

###### Playing Fair: Access & Accountability in Gaming Ecosystems

  
  
Join Carmaleta McKinnis-Williams (Head of DEI at the Austin Public Library), Kate Sánchez (Founder & Editor-in-Chief of But Why Tho?), and Jonathan Levine (disability advocate & Games Y'all Committee Member) as they collectively consider questions of power, accessibility, and accountability within the indy gaming ecosystem. This hour-long panel will be hosted by Courtney Cook, PhD whose questions will spin around an axis of power, violence, and possibilities for otherwise. There will be time for questions towards the close of the panel. 

  

##### Venue + COVID Details

This event will indoors. There is a large parking lot and street parking available.   
We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you are experiencing symptoms. Masks are welcome! Hand sanitizer and wipes for controllers will be available. 

  

##### Fantastic Arcade

Fantastic Arcade celebrates, amplifies, and supports the unique and underrepresented within indie games and beyond.
