---
date: 2023-08-24
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-Aug-23.png
game_slugs:
- 2023-08-24-we-ll-make-a-car-out-of-anything
- 2023-08-24-round-n-round
- 2023-08-24-nightingale
- 2023-08-24-dyebreaker
- 2023-08-24-warline
- 2023-08-24-venba
- 2023-08-24-welcome-to-pollys-place

layout: event
title: Games Y'all August 24th, 2023
published: true
archived: true
---

[Past Events](../html/events.html) > [August 24th, 2023](event-august-2023.html)

Finish off your summer with Games Y'all! Come to our casual monthly meetup to play indie games and experience some unique digital arts projects. Never been? Bring a couple of friends and check it out.

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by Fantastic Arcade for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### Fantastic Arcade

Fantastic Arcade celebrates, amplifies, and supports the unique and underrepresented within indie games and beyond.

##### Venue + Health Details

Central Machine Works is a craft beer brewery built in an old metal fabrication shop that produced a variety of custom parts starting with airplanes in WWII (1940-2016). They have a large food menu, cocktails, and plenty of non-alcoholic beverage options! There is a parking lot behind the brewery off of 5th street, you'll find us in the back of the brewery.
  
We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
