---
date: 2024-04-20
description: Games Y'all April Meetup
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-Apr-24.png
game_slugs:
- 2024-04-20-speedway-survival
- 2024-04-20-money-driven-fishtank-game
- 2024-04-20-sunsear-avian-combat
- 2024-04-20-waiting-room
- 2024-04-20-untitled-dragon-warrior-glitches
- 2024-04-20-open-roads

layout: event
location: 3600 Lyons Road, Austin, Texas, 78702
time: 7-10pm
title: April 2024 Meetup - Games Y'all
published: true
archived: true
---

April showers come and play games for 3 hours! YOU are invited to April Games Y’all. Join us for a selection of regional projects from across central Texas featuring play styles such as Roguelite, Shoot em up, Narrative based, and Fish Capitalism!
  
##### Venue & Parking Details

This event will be held at The Museum of Human Achievement. There is a large parking lot as well as street parking available. MoHA is a large warehouse space and is not climate controlled, please dress according to weather.

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
