---
date: 2024-03-30
description: Games Y'all March Meetup
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-Mar-24.png
game_slugs:
- 2024-03-30-obsolete-adapter
- 2024-03-30-iliagc-i-live-in-a-graphing-calculator
- 2024-03-30-cows-vs-aliens
- 2024-03-30-book-of-five-rings
- 2024-03-30-classifieds-for-poets
- 2024-03-30-all-about-computer-love
- 2024-03-30-pacific-drive

layout: event
location: 3600 Lyons Road, Austin, Texas, 78702
time: 7-10pm
title: March 2024 Meetup - Games Y'all
---

Join us on the last Saturday of March for Games Y’all! We’ll be back at The Museum of Human Achievement with a fresh selection of locally produced Indie Games. Interested in submitting a game? We are currently accepting submissions for our April and May Games Y’all Meetups.
  
##### Venue & Parking Details

This event will be held at The Museum of Human Achievement. There is a large parking lot as well as street parking available. MoHA is a large warehouse space and is not climate controlled, please dress according to weather.

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
