---
date: 2024-06-24
description: Games Y'all June Meetup
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-June-24.png
game_slugs:
- 2024-06-20-1-1-bit
- 2024-06-20-culture-cue
- 2024-06-20-comic-book-boom
- 2022-10-27-frankenfur
- 2024-06-20-the-dungenerator-die-in-a-dungeon
- 2024-06-20-altarshock
- 2024-06-20-lisa-hut-s-memory-palace
- 2024-06-20-titanomachy-dreams-of-the-hue
- 2024-06-20-power-creeps

layout: event
location: Building 6, 7601 S Congress Ave, Austin, TX 78745
time: 7-10pm
title: June 2024 Meetup - Games Y'all
published: true
archived: true
---

We’re returning to Last Stand Brewing for our 2nd Tabletop Edition of Games Y’all. We’ll have AC (YAY!), Tabletop RPGS, new Welcome to My Homepage Residents, and more!
  
GOOD NEWS! Clear The Air ATX will be providing an air purifier for our meetup to help provide a safer space for our community. Clear The Air ATX is a volunteer organization that provides free air purifiers for Austin events so that organizers can provide a safer environment for the artists, audiences, and staff at the venues.
  
Last Stand Brewing is located in The Collective on South Congress Avenue, Last Stand Brewing boasts a full bar and kitchen. They offer house made soda, craft beer, cocktails, a curated wine list as well as a kitchen with a strong focus on farm to fork food.

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
