---
date: 2024-08-23
description: Games Y'all August Meetup
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-Aug-24.png
game_slugs:
- 2024-08-23-dance-machine-2000
- 2024-08-23-murder-at-the-magic-rave
- 2023-09-22-cute-patoots
- 2024-08-23-updog
- 2024-08-23-rollin-along
- 2024-08-23-hostyle
- 2024-08-23-prometheus-unbound
layout: event
location: 2500 Exposition Blvd, Austin, TX 78703
time: 7-10pm
title: August 2024 Meetup - Games Y'all
---


This August, we are celebrating Pride! Our Games Roundup will focus on projects developed by LGBTQ+ creators, and/or projects that prominently feature queer characters or the queer experience!
  
Shout out to Austin Public Library and our new friends at the Howson Branch. Not only are they our wonderful hosts but they are helping provide snacks, bevs, and some sweet surprises!

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
