---
date: 2024-06-24
description: Games Y'all July Meetup
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-July-24.png
game_slugs:
- 2024-07-25-swashbucklin-summit
- 2024-07-25-sun-is-dead
- 2024-07-25-lemonade-time
- 2024-07-25-infinite-library
- 2022-06-16-bridgebourn
- 2024-07-25-research-notebook
- 2024-07-25-caribbean-dominoes
layout: event
location: 3504 Montopolis Dr, Austin, TX 78744
time: 7-10pm
title: July 2024 Meetup - Games Y'all
announced: true
archived: true
---


Our new friends down at RADIO/EAST are welcoming us into their coffeehouse to host our July Games Y’all. Join us for cold drinks, hot drinks, pastries, and games! This month's roundup showcases the wide variety of projects we receive for our open call.
  
Did you know you could submit your indie game or digital art project to show at future meetups? [Submit your game here!](https://gamesyall.com/submit-a-game)
  
RADIO/EAST is a bakery and coffeehouse that boasts a diverse menu of drinks and snacks! There are 3 food trucks on site and plenty of parking.

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
