---
date: 2024-05-24
description: Games Y'all March Meetup
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-May-24.png
game_slugs:
- 2024-05-24-teddy-s-inferno
- 2024-05-24-piroot
- 2024-05-24-chained-to-the-moon
- 2024-05-24-astro-duel-2
- 2024-05-24-every-letter
- 2024-05-24-oblivion-eve
- 2024-05-24-meet-me-on-the-deep-net
- 2024-05-24-another-crab-s-treasure
layout: event
location: 3600 Lyons Road, Austin, Texas, 78702
time: 7-10pm
title: May 2024 Meetup - Games Y'all
announced: true
archived: true
---


Howdy y'all, we’re rounding out this Spring with a double stack of fun! We’ve got the return of powerpoint night and our regular ol' Games Y’all indie game meetup!
  
Powerpoints: A 1hr power hour powerpoint presentation extravaganza! Interested in presenting something? Go to our discord for the open call!
  
Games Y’all: Our monthly meetup presented by The Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans.

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
