---
date: 2024-01-21
description: Games Y'all January Meetup
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-Jan-24.png
game_slugs:
- 2024-01-21-housekeeping
- 2024-01-21-don-t-rock-the-boat
- 2024-01-21-1-friend-online
- 2024-01-21-project-petra
- 2024-01-21-zombeats
- 2024-01-21-ludus
- 2024-01-21-trend-watch-2024
- 2024-01-21-slay-the-princess
layout: event
location: 710 W Cesar Chavez St, Austin, TX 78701
time: 12-3pm
title: January 2024 Meetup - Games Y'all
announced: true
archived: true
---

Our friends at the Central branch of Austin Public Library have invited us to bring Games Y'all to their Innovation Lab!
The APL Innovation Lab is a digital makerspace for collaboration and creation. They provide community access to state-of-the-art computer hardware and software to create digital content such as podcasts, videos, 3D renderings, music, and more. Located on the 5th floor of the Central Public Library!
  
Join us and come play local indie games, explore digital art projects from Welcome to My Homepage, and connect with the wider Austin digital arts community.

##### Venue & Parking Details

APL Innovate is Austin Public Library’s digital makerspace for collaboration and creation. The lab is located on the 5th floor of the Central Library, you can ride the elevators up to the 5th floor and take a left to locate the lab. We highly recommend giving yourself plenty of time to arrive and locate the lab.
  
You can find parking at:
  
Seaholm Garage - Validated for 2 hours if you buy something at Trader Joes. Without validation, $10 for one hour, $18 for second hour.
  
Central Library Garage - Free for 1st hour, 2 hours--$5, 4 hours--$9
  
Street Parking (Available along West Ave + 3rd Street) - 1 hour--$2

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all is a monthly meetup presented by the Museum of Human Achievement for indie devs, digital artists, and games fans. We showcase indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

##### Health Details

This event will be indoors and outdoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!
