---
date: '2025-07-19'
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Square-July-25.png
gallery-images:
- /images/Archived-img/July-2025/photos/GY-july-1.jpg
- /images/Archived-img/July-2025/photos/GY-july-2.jpg
- /images/Archived-img/July-2025/photos/GY-july-3.jpg
- /images/Archived-img/July-2025/photos/GY-july-4.jpg
- /images/Archived-img/July-2025/photos/GY-july-5.jpg
- /images/Archived-img/July-2025/photos/GY-july-6.jpg
game_slugs:
- 2024-06-20-culture-cue
- 2025-07-06-at-the-edge-of-everything
- 2025-07-07-phantasmagoric
- 2025-07-07-best-fwends
- 2025-07-08-hall-of-the-dwarf-king
- 2025-07-11-frog-joust
- 2025-06-14-buzz-kill-zero
layout: event
location: Highland Collective
title: July 2025 Meetup - Games Y'all
---


🎟️ Free admission, donations are encouraged! RSVPs encouraged but not required!

The Museum of Human Achievement presents, Games Y'all June Meetup
Come join Games Y'all as we descend upon The Highland Collective for our July meetup!
We'll have friends, fun, and a curated selection of weird, wonderful games made by local devs! Come to play, see some friends, or make some new ones!

### Venue + Health Details

This event will be indoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!

### Games Y'all

Games Y’all showcases indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community. Games Y’all celebrates, amplifies, and supports the unique and underrepresented within indie games and beyond.

### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

### Highland Collective

The Highland Collective is a loosely associated group of artists and makers working out of a gallery in Central Austin. They host weekly educational and community building events, monthly showings and have exhibited the work of over 500 local artists.
