---
layout: event
title: "March 2025 Meetup - Games Y'all"
date: 2025-03-08
time: "1-3pm"
location: "2317 Speedway, Austin TX, 78712"
featured_image: "/images/event-img/GY-Banner-Mar-25.png"
description: "Games Y'all March Meetup"
---

Join Games Y'all on Saturday, March 8th from 1-3pm for the Student Showcase at GDC² held at the Gates-Dell Complex (2.216 & 2.100) at UT! There will be food, games, and community. What more could you ask for?
  
GDC² is a yearly event held by the University of Texas' Electronic Game Developers Society (EGaDS!) that aims to bring GDC to developers in Austin! This year, it is an official South by Southwest (SXSW) event!

##### Venue + Health Details

This event will be indoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all showcases indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community. Games Y’all celebrates, amplifies, and supports the unique and underrepresented within indie games and beyond.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.

