---
layout: event
title: "January 2025 Meetup - Games Y'all"
date: 2025-01-26
time: "7-9pm"
location: "1908 Kramer Ln, Suite 250, 78758"
featured_image: "/images/event-img/GY-Banner-Jan-25.png"
description: "Games Y'all January Meetup"
published: true
archived: true
---

We’re starting off 2025 with a Games Y'all x IGDA collab meetup to showcase projects developed from ATX Global Game Jam 2025! See you there on January 26th from 7-10pm at 1908 Kramer Ln, Suite 250, 78758.
  
Interested in participating in the ATX Global Game Jam? Read more info here: <https://globalgamejam.org/jam-sites/2025/austin-ggj-2025>

##### Venue + Health Details

This event will be indoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!

##### IGDA - ATX

The mission of the International Game Developer Association - Austin (IGDA - ATX) chapter is supporting and empowering game developers in the greater Austin area to achieve fulfilling and sustainable careers, along with bridging the gap between both new and old game devs.

##### Games Y'all

Games Y’all showcases indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community. Games Y’all celebrates, amplifies, and supports the unique and underrepresented within indie games and beyond.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.
