---
announced: true
archived: false
date: 2026-06-13
description: Come support a local film buff haven and play games on the big screen.
featured_image: /images/event-img/GY-Banner-June-26.png
gallery-images: null
game_slugs:
- 2026-06-01-paka-virtual-companion
- 2026-06-01-hot-shot-robot-attack
- 2026-06-03-hauntworks
layout: event
location: <a href="https://maps.app.goo.gl/C2WJLMMnMA2yCQqp6" target="_blank">301
  Chicon St Suite A, Austin, TX 78702</a>
rsvp-link: https://pools.events/event/qsvmzMTh/games-yall-june-2026/
theme: Games Y'all June Meetup
time: 7-10pm
title: June 2026 Meetup - Games Y'all
---

Thank y'all for making it to our last event supporting fellow devs and venue partner! Hail Mary was a vibe and our next event is going to be the same  ✨ 🎥 

Hyperreal Film Club 🍿 will be hosting Games Y'all on June 13th, a Saturday, from 7-10pm! Come support a local film buff haven, play games with popcorn in hand, and fulfill your dream of playing on a movie screen.

Parking and venue notes: Venue is indoors with drink options. Parking is available but limited. Rideshare or carpooling is encouraged 🚗 

##### Venue + Health Details

This event will be indoors. We strongly encourage that everyone be vaccinated or have recently tested negative for COVID. Do not attend if you feel ill or were recently exposed to COVID. Hand sanitizer and masks will be available. Masks are welcome!

##### Games Y'all

Games Y'all showcases indie games and digital art projects from our local community and beyond. You can come to our meetups to play games, experience digital art, and connect with the local Austin games community. Games Y'all celebrates, amplifies, and supports the unique and underrepresented within indie games and beyond.

##### The Museum of Human Achievement

The Museum of Human Achievement is a multi-disciplinary art space and non-profit organization in Austin, Texas. We cultivate new work, community, and vibe by providing radically affordable arts space to support artists and audiences in the creation of new ideas.
